README.md, before:

# Repres React React资源表现引擎

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/repres-react.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/repres-react)

Repres (REsource PRESentation) is a series of resource presentation engines. The React resource presentation engine includes React-based resource presentation templates &amp; snippets. Repres (资源表现)是一系列的资源表现引擎。React 资源表现引擎包括基于React的资源表现模版和片段。



## Recent Update
Check out the [Road Map](ROADMAP.md) to find out what's the next.
Check out the [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md) to find out what's new.



## Usage in Gemfile
```ruby
gem 'repres-react'
```



## Render the Pre-defined Partials

### Render the Script
The Script partial includes the HTML script tags for React and its extensions. Only the [Boot CDN](http://cdn.bootcss.com/) servers are supported.

The following code snippet does __not__ load any JavaScript library.
```erb
<%= render partial: 'repres/react/script' %>
```

The following code snippet loads the latest React JavaScript library.
```erb
<%= render partial: 'repres/bootstrap/script', locals: { options: { react: true, 'react-dom': true } } %>
```

The following code snippet loads the React JavaScript library with the given version.
```erb
<%= render partial: 'repres/bootstrap/script', locals: { options: { react: { version: '15.0.2' }, 'react-dom': { version: '15.0.2' } } }
%>
```

The following JavaScript libraries are switchable, and the version can be configurable:
- :react
- :'react-dom'

Commit message:

1, Application helper. 2, Improve the Script partial for React v15.3.1 & React DOM v15.3.1. 3, Improve the Road Map file for the v1.1. 4, Improve the Change Log file for the v1.1. 5, Improve the Read Me file for the source code examples. 6, Migrate the version from v1.0.4 to v1.1.

README.md, after:

# Repres React React资源表现引擎

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/repres-react.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/repres-react)

Repres (REsource PRESentation) is a series of resource presentation engines. The React resource presentation engine includes React-based resource presentation templates &amp; snippets. Repres (资源表现)是一系列的资源表现引擎。React 资源表现引擎包括基于React的资源表现模版和片段。



## Recent Update
Check out the [Road Map](ROADMAP.md) to find out what's the next.
Check out the [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md) to find out what's new.



## Usage in Gemfile
```ruby
gem 'repres-react'
```



## Include the Helper in your Application Controller before Render the Script with the helper methods
```ruby
helper Repres::React::ApplicationHelper
```



## Render the Pre-defined Partials

### Render the Script
The Script partial includes the HTML script tags for React and its extensions. Only the [Boot CDN](http://cdn.bootcss.com/) servers are supported.

The following code snippet does __not__ load any JavaScript library.
```erb
<%= render partial: 'repres/react/script' %>
<!-- or the following line works identically -->
<%= react_script %>
```

The following code snippet loads the latest React JavaScript library.
```erb
<%= render partial: 'repres/bootstrap/script', locals: { options: { react: true, 'react-dom': true } } %>
<!-- or the following line works identically -->
<%= react_script react: true, 'react-dom': true %>
```

The following code snippet loads the React JavaScript library with the given version.
```erb
<%= render partial: 'repres/bootstrap/script', locals: { options: { react: { version: '15.0.2' }, 'react-dom': { version: '15.0.2' } } }
<!-- or the following line works identically -->
<%= react_script react: { version: '15.0.2' }, 'react-dom': { version: '15.0.2' } %>
%>
```

The following JavaScript libraries are switchable, and the version can be configurable:
- :react
- :'react-dom'
